---
template: blog-post
title: Serenity
slug: /serenity
date: 2021-11-05 21:44
description: This is the website of Cluless; an amateur art blogger. Here's
  their piece called "Serenity". One picture; two different styles. Join Cluless
  on their art journey today!
featuredImage: /assets/before-and-after.png
---
Software used: [Krita](https://krita.org/en/)

Graphics Tablet: [XOPPOX Graphics Drawing Tablet](https://www.amazon.com/XOPPOX-Graphics-Battery-Free-Compatible-Painting/dp/B08TC1N6JS)

Hi everyone! I know this post is a little early but I won't be home tomorrow. How was everyone's week? Why does it feel like it's been forever since my last post?

Time is not real.

Anyways, yes, I have another signature. I'm really indecisive when it comes to these things. For the past three weeks, I've been randomly putting c's all over my pieces (which is fun). I will continue to do that, but I did this on a whim and I think it looks pretty cool. So I'm guessing it's staying. It looks like a stamp. Yes, I am easily entertained (and distracted).

Onto the more important part 😁:

**What I like:**

Objectively, I like the version at the top. I struggled for close to two hours to do it which kind of bums me out because I was finally getting a decent pace when it came to my drawings. But realistically, it makes sense because I am trying to find a style that I like for my trees. Drawing random squiggles was helping me with that. I like the clouds as well as the colours (for the one at the top). I saw somewhere that as an artist, study the artists you look up to and ask yourself why you like their stuff. I realized that for me, it was the colours. The artists that I really look up to have really bright colours and I'm trying to use that in my drawings going forward. 

**What I want to improve:**

Pretty much the top picture is the improvements for the bottom one. The bottom one's tree kind of looks like fire, which isn't a bad thing but if I want to do a lot of trees, it's just not efficient. What I realized from my "[Stare](https://igobycluless.netlify.app/stare)" piece is that all of the things that I find cool aren't always dynamic. This was why I struggled so much with "[Feather](https://igobycluless.netlify.app/some-thoughts)", trying to do it in the same style. 

In other news, I bought a sketchpad! I was using an old notepad I had before so I'm very happy to have more space now. I'm also trying to change my approach to "finding my style". I've seen that drawing more helps so I'll try doing that instead of actively trying to find it. What I'm finding really enjoyable about art is that there is no "right" or "wrong" answer so there is no set way for me to find a style. And I'm learning that that's ok.

I also created my first ever OC this week. Her name is Neo and you can see her [here](https://www.instagram.com/p/CVxnHuepK7S/). Neo means "new" which in this case was a new beginning for me. I've been avoiding doing characters for a while because I was not comfortable in my skill to be able to pull it off but if I don't practice then what is the point, right? It's been a couple of days and I don't dislike her. I still think she looks cute. Very shocking.

That's about it for me! Signing out,

\- *Cluless*[✌🏽](https://emojipedia.org/victory-hand-medium-skin-tone/)