---
template: blog-post
title: Week 1 Poses
slug: /week1-poses
date: 2021-12-25 11:09
description: This is the website of Cluless; an amateur art blogger. Here they
  talk about week 1 of practising full-body poses. Join Cluless on their art
  journey today!
featuredImage: /assets/1-colour-blog.png
---
Software used: [Krita](https://krita.org/en/)

Graphics Tablet: [XOPPOX Graphics Drawing Tablet](https://www.amazon.com/XOPPOX-Graphics-Battery-Free-Compatible-Painting/dp/B08TC1N6JS)

Happy Holidays everyone :D

Week 1 of pose/anatomy practice completed ✔️

So at first, I wanted to just do sketches (which I did) but it wasn't super fulfilling to me. So I decided to at least do one full piece every week based on what I practised. This week I focused on standing poses. 

**What I Like:**

Her face. Strange, I know but I like that I managed to actually make her look relaxed. I also like the blush I added and the lineart... I actually enjoyed doing it. I'm trying really hard not to be too self-critical so throughout the entire process I kept telling myself it doesn't have to be perfect. It's strange because I know I am new to this but yet I still have these really high expectations that I can't fulfil due to the lack of skill so just repeating that it doesn't have to be perfect was very calming and eased me alot. 

I like the hands because this was my first time being semi-successful in them looking like hands. I also practised drawing hands separately (but in my sketchbook) and I think that somewhat helped. I used my hands as a reference as well and that helped a lot.

**What I want to improve:**

This was a good first-ish attempt (in my opinion) but the anatomy can still be better. I think the left foot kind of looks strange (I'm not entirely sure why) but I won't be too hard on myself. It is not perfect and that is ok :D

Whenever I look at a photo reference I end up being bogged down with all the details so I'm trying to get better at focusing on the shapes of the body rather than the outline. I'll also try to stop looking at the reference too much because sometimes it confuses me. I'm not really trying to get a perfectly realistic body but looking at the reference back and forth makes me focus on things that I don't really need to, so I'll try to be better at knowing when to limit myself.

Happy holidays again everyone, it's been 4 months since I started this journey although it feels like it's been longer. Hope you and your loved ones stay safe this season. That's about it from me :)

\- *Cluless*[✌🏽](https://emojipedia.org/victory-hand-medium-skin-tone/)