---
template: blog-post
title: Stroll
slug: /stroll
date: 2021-12-06 13:38
description: A girl going on a stroll. First post after two weeks, let's catch
  up :D. Join Cluless on their art journey today!
featuredImage: /assets/blog-v-of-pics.png
---
Firstly I would like to say that I've been simultaneously looking forward to this post yet avoiding it. I'm not sure if it's just me but I tend to pick up hobbies for a couple of weeks and then I just stop? For the past two weeks, I haven't posted anything because of school, there was a full week where I wasn't able to touch my drawing tablet at all.

I missed it. I missed doing art. But I was lowkey worried that this was another one of my "phases". Things I get obsessed over but stop after a couple of months. 

Consistency has always been my greatest enemy. This has probably been the most consistent about something I have been in my life, to be honest. And whenever I break my streaks, it's usually hard for me to pick them back up.

This experience has shown me, that this isn't a phase. At least I don't think it will be. I've always been interested in art, but late August was the first time I made the move to get serious about it. I'm still a newbie, I'm still learning but I like that. I enjoy it very much. Vacation is coming up so I'll definitely try my best to continue being as consistent as possible. I'll also try to finally add in that comment section here 🥲. I just wanted to say thank you to whoever took the time to read this. Especially if you're from my IG, the support over there really helps with the consistency. 

Anyway, enough with the sappiness, I just wanted to update everyone. Moving on:

Hi, how are you? Hope you're having a great week :D

Let's get down to business: 

**What I Like:**

Haven't done an environment piece in a while, which is kinda sad since that was the reason I wanted to get into art in the first place. I think this came out ok, I tried some new things like the light on the grass. Used a flat brush to put on some yellow, then blurred it. Will definitely be practising more environment pieces in the future. I also like the cool little lines and stuff I did on the trees. I'm not really going (or plan to go) for realistic pieces so doing that for trees is just cool to me. 

**What I want to improve:**

Why is anatomy so hard? This was painful to do. This was technically my first full body attempt (even though she is far away) but DAMN this almost killed me. Will definitely also have to practice some more body shots.

I'll just close off here since I talked a lot in the beginning so that's it for me. Enjoyy!

\- *Cluless*[✌🏽](https://emojipedia.org/victory-hand-medium-skin-tone/)